what's up guys Mike here for map on
blackberry today will not take a look at
how to overclock and underclock your
device now overclocking your device you
have to keep in mind that depending on
what kernel and what rom you download it
might be not capable of overclocking now
my stock kernel for samsung and sprint
it only can go all the way up to 1.2
gigahertz for the galaxy s2 epic 4g
touch but i downloaded and flash the 0
max version 3 kernel which is very
stable and that i recommend because i
flashed the 4 beta and also the 6.01 or
point zero two beta from zero max and it
wasn't really stable but the version 3
is very stable for this device you will
have to download an application called
setcpu after you brew you can only
overclock a nun o'clock if you are
routed the reason why you want to
overclock a nun o'clock is that if you
overclock your device and will make it a
little bit faster and also you can set
it for on-demand so when you're using it
for certain applications it will be
really fast but we're not using it it
would under clock so we can save a lot
of battery as well so once you purchase
setcpu which is about a couple bucks on
the android marketplace just go into it
and as you can see right here i can go
all the way up to 1.6 but i will get
overheating and also my battery will die
and it's not stable so long at 1504 and
it's on on demand and when underclocked
and I using my device it is at 200
megahertz next you want to go to profile
and enable it and also enable
notification if you want so it holds PA
your own status bar and notification bar
and you can set it right away or you can
set it when you are rebooting your
device and that's how to overclock and
underclock your android device thanks
for watching guys out that helps please
comment rate and subscribe and remember
to follow me on twitter for more update
news and information the link will be
down in the video description